hey guys if you do not know me my name
is I Smith and there's gonna be a just a
quick tutorial on how to build the
nether bottle on the skyblock survival
map and because when I did it I'd a bit
of trouble and I wasn't really sure what
I was doing I was like how am I supposed
to and do the bottle with only the book
of lava and so I was a bit confused but
I looked it up and so I'm not claiming
this like a method of doing it myself
this isn't this isn't mine I did look it
up but I thought I might as well do it
if someone else wants to see because I
didn't see many out there so here we are
now I'm just making a bottle I've set up
my hotbar and down at the bottom as the
the amount of stuff that you sort of
have I don't know about cobblestone you
might have flowed small if spent the
time but yeah so basically i need to do
if you grab the cobblestone like this
easy to build around the puzzle a little
m to bow a little to buy one I apologize
for this and like it's nothing to be
online but what can you do see if you to
build this to buy one little hole here
and you just put your lover in there
then another block a cobblestone here
and another black tops down there and
need to go around the back and just
place the wood and because you should
have some wood from the tree that he
gave you obviously unless you a little
bit clumsy like I am and so yeah and
that Oh dear me that's just a setup that
you need and then after a while you see
to wait a little bit and
the lava I'm not entirely sure how it
works because the wood doesn't set on
fire if it does set on fire just put it
out same with like any other blocks if
they set on fire just blow them out um
yeah and then after a while it should
another poll should just like pop up
look like cow up there just chilling out
oh it is quite impressive it's quite
impressive see I went on the random one
quite like it hmm i'm using a texture
pack this texture pack is Giroud oh cool
i'm pretty sure the last whistle and and
low oh there we are okay so as you can
see none of the wood has been destroyed
so you can collect that afterwards and
you now have a fully working at the
bottle that you can use a food oh I
didn't know that could happen oh yeah so
there's evidence of house I just put it
out but it will go and come back up in
the second thing um so yeah there was
evidence that this does actually work
and yes so as I said before this wasn't
my method how do I found this on youtube
but i thought i'd make another video of
it just so more people can see if they
get stuck them so yeah if you did enjoy
the video be sure to give it a like and
a comment if it helped you all because
that really helped me out and stuff and
if you know anyone that stuck with it
then be sure to send them my way and
sing it's just a neat little way of
doing it well it's the only way of doing
it and so yeah have you enjoyed this
guy's be sure to subscribe to have other
minecraft videos that i do i'm doing a
let's play Skyblock at the moment too so
be sure to subscribe to that and and
something is sound fire so yeah thanks
for watching these guys i've been always
miss and i will see you all next time
goodbye